Server updates (#1173)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc/mc-pipe.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following command creates an object on a MinIO deployment with an ALIAS of ``myminio`` in bucket ``mybucket`` with two tags.

> You can set up to 10 tags on an object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MinIO supports adding up to 10 custom tags to an object.
```
